Exam 1 Review

Formulas:

FFP metric: S - Fi + Fl + Pr, C = d x S

Intermediate COCOMO: Nominal effort = 3.2 x (KDSI)^1.05


1. Please list the names of all phases of the classical software life-cycle model. (5 points)
  (5 point answer)
  1. Requirements phase
  2. Specification Phase
  3. Design Phase
  4. Implementation Phase
  5. Postdelivery Phase
  6. Retirement

List the manes of all phases (or increments) of the Unified Process (5point)
  (5 point answer)
  1. Inception
  2. Elaboration
  3. Construction
  4. Transition
  
List the names of all work flows of the Unified Process (5points)
  (5 point answer)
  1. Requirements Workflow
  2. Analysis Workflow
  3. Design Workflow
  4. Implementation Workflow
  5. Testing Workflow

2. Suppose you need to build a software program to perform number sorting. What life-cycle model would you use and why? ( 5 points)
  Since number sorting is fairly simple and short, it might cost more than necessary to use Unified Process because of the heavy
  documentation.  May be financially smarter and easier to use code-and-fix or open source.
  
3. Can the requirement document and product specification document be combined into one document? Why? (10 points)
    (6 point answer) 
    No, The product specification document must not have incompleteness or unsure data, and is used for the documentation of the
    actual coding of the product.  The requirement document is meant to manage the business side of the project.
    
4. What are the strengths and weaknesses of the democratic team organization? (10 points)
    (7 point answer)
    The democratic team organization can be highly productive, but lacks in organization and teams must spring up spontaneously, as
    well as practice ego-less programming.
    
5. What is upperCASE tool and what is lowerCASE tool? (10 points)
  ( answer given was scored with 0 points)
  
  
6. Two programmers A and B are trying to modify a program file Base.cpp at the same time, each on a section. List the names of 
three version-control tolls that may be used to resolve the conflict. ( 3 points)


Show how to use a version-control tool to resolve the conflict. (7 points)


7.  List the members of a walkthrough team. (5 points)
        (5 point answer)
        Representatives from the current workflow, representatives from the next workflow, representatives from the SQA group.
    
    List the names of all the formal steps of an inspection. (5 points)
        (5 point answer)
        1. Overview
        2. Preparation
        3. Inspection
        4. Rework
        5. Follow up


8. Is functional cohesion the optimal type of cohesion? why? (10 points)
      (10 point answer)
      No, functional cohesion performs one action, but informational cohesion is better in that it works with muliple entry points
      on a single date structure. Informational cohesion is the optimal type of cohesion.
      
9. An organization currently has over 50,000 modules. what criteria will you use to determine whether to reuse a module in future
products? (10 points)
    (8 point answer)
    If a module has high cohesion and low coulpling, it would be easier to reuse that module in the future.
    
10. an average-complex software product is estimated to have 12 KDSI. The capability of the software team is also at industry
average. What is the estimeated amount of efforts required for the project? Do the efforts consist of mostly coding and
debugging? (10 points)
    (7 point answer)
    Nominal Effort = 3.2(KDSI)^1.05
    Nominal Effort = 3.2(12)^1.05
    
    The efforts are spent mostly in preparation of the coding, through the documentation and palnning of the porject. The 
    efficency of the coding and debugging is dependent on good planning.
    
    
