Requirements Document 

Table of Contents

Modification History 3

Domain Knowledge 4

Glossary 4 

Interview with Client 6

Functional Requirements 7

Use Cases 7

Use Case 1 7

Use Case 2 7

Use Case 3 8

Use Case 4 8

Use Case 5 8

Use Case 6 9

Non-Functional Requirements 10

Cost Constraints: 10

Reliability: 10

Time Constraints: 10

MODIFICATION HISTORY

DOMAIN KNOWLEDGE

GLOSSARY

Term Definition 

6X6X4 A game is played between two players using stones of their choice of color. The 

player takes turns marking spaces on the 6x6 grid. Identification of the winner is 

based on the highest number of 4-stone in a row(either horizontally, or vertically, or 

diagonally) when the entire grid is occupied. 

Platform Software on which the Tic Tac Toe is expected to be designed. 

Single player Player plays against AI 

Multi Player Player plays against another player 

Graphical User 

Interface 

Skill Level Easy, Intermediate, Hard. They are the difficulty levels in single player  game. 

C++ C++ is an object oriented programming (OOP) language and is an extension of C 

It is a type of interface that allows users to interact with electronic devices by the 

use of windows icons and menus that can be implemented at the user’s command. 

language. It is one of the most popular programming language for graphical 

applications. 

Acronym Meaning 

GUI Graphical User Interface 

AI Artificial Intelligence 

TTT Tic Tac Toe 

SQA Software Quality Assurance 

UML Unified Modeling Language 

SPMP Software Project management Plan 

UC Use Cases

SD Sequence Diagram

INTERVIEW WITH CLIENT

Location: University Of Houston- Downtown

Date: 28th January 2016

Time: 1PM

Attendees: Rowan Taylor, Imran Hussain, Zhu Ming

Client: Professor Yuan Shengli

Description:

Question 1: Can you briefly describe the kind of game application you want us to create?

Response: I want you to create a tic tac toe game on a 6X6 grid. This should be a two players game one 

may be a computer. They take turns to place a stone of their colors. The winner is the player who has 

higher number of 4-stones-in-a-row (either horizontally, or vertically, or diagonally) when the entire grid 

is occupied.

Question 2: Do you require to have difficulty level while playing with AI?

Response: Yes, there should be three level of difficulty, easy , intermediate and hard. Player can challenge 

his skills by playing in all these difficulties and try to beat the AI.

Question 3: Any requirement for the platform of the TTT game?

Response: There is no requirement for the platform, you can create game on any platform which is 

convenient.

Question 4: What other features are needed besides a 6X6 grid and difficulties level?

Response: Player can have a option of registering his username or playing as a guest and also computer 

can keep track of the history of each player. Upon user’s request, computer can display the history of the 

players.

Question 4:What is the deadline for the TTT game?

Response: Yes, the TTT should be delivered by the end of the April 2016.

FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS

USE CASES

USE CASE 1

Goals of actor Play the Tic tac toe during the free time to ease all the stress and 

freshen the mind. 

Tasks User will start the game by clicking on the TTT exe file. User will see a 

6X6 Grid allow him to choose the options of single player, 

multiplayer and AI. After choosing that Mode, User now will have to 

choose the mode of difficulty which are Easy, Medium, and Hard. 

User starts the Game. 

Preconditions Players needs to enter the name to start the game. 

Exceptions If there is an ongoing game running, error message popped up. 

Variation of action interactions 

System change/production 

USE CASE 2

Goals of actor Create new player 

Tasks User needs to open the TTT. He will ask to create a username by 

entering the name in the textbox and then he needs to click on the 

create a player button. 

Preconditions No player is created 

Exceptions Error message is displayed if the player is already registered with the 

Variation of action interactions NA 

System change/production NA 

same name. 

USE CASE 3

Goals of actor Game mode selection 

Tasks In order for the user to select the game mode, user needs to open 

the TTT and then register and then select the game mode either he 

wants to play with the AI or with the other player . 

Preconditions none 

Exceptions There will be no exception for the given cases 

Variation of action interactions User can always go back if he mistakenly select the wrong game 

System change/production None 

mode. 

USE CASE 4

Goals of actor Single Player Mode 

Tasks In order for a user to play in a single player mode, user needs to open 

the TTT and then register the username if not registered before. User 

need to select the Player Vs AI as a game mode. In this mode he will 

select the difficulty mode as easy, intermediate or hard. 

Preconditions Only to be used in the software when playing against the AI. 

Exceptions Can only be applicable against AI.

Variation of action interactions NA 

System change/production NA 

USE CASE 5

Goals of actor Difficulty Level 

Tasks In order for the user to select the difficulty level, User needs to open 

the TTT. Then he will need to create a player. Then select the game 

mode as Player vs AI. 

Preconditions User need to select Player Vs AI in order to select the difficulty level. 

Exceptions It is only applicable when selecting game mode as Player Vs AI. 

Variation of action interactions NA 

System change/production The user will be able to change the difficulty of the game every time 

he/she chooses to play against the AI 

NON-FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS

COST CONSTRAINTS: 

There is no cost constraint for this TTT game as we try to convince our client with our 

skills and abilities so we can create great and long-term relationship with the client. So in 

future we will get more projects. And, also ttt is well maintained so no further 

maintenance will be needed.

RELIABILITY: 

The TTT game is very reliable, efficient and error free. Our testing team tested and work 

very hard to ensure the 100% reliability to the client.

TIME CONSTRAINTS: 

The game will be available to the client on Thursday, April 28th 2016.
